Update DesktopWindowXamlSource to describe how to avoid leaks (#2054)
MicrosoftDocs/winrt-api: windows.ui.xaml.hosting/windowsxamlmanager_initializeforcurrentthread_14911797.md

An object that contains a reference to the UWP XAML framework.

## -remarks

> Call this method to initialize the internal UWP XAML framework for the current thread in a desktop application in which you want to host [Windows.UI.Xaml.UIElement](../windows.ui.xaml/uielement.md) objects in a [DesktopWindowXamlSource](desktopwindowxamlsource.md). Call this method if your application creates the **Windows.UI.Xaml.UIElement** objects before it creates the **DesktopWindowXamlSource** object that will host them or your program uses more than one thread that uses Xaml. Call this method before creating the **DesktopWindowXamlSource**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Call this method to initialize the internal UWP XAML framework for the current thread in a desktop application in which you want to host [Windows.UI.Xaml.UIElement](../windows.ui.xaml/uielement.md) objects in a [DesktopWindowXamlSource](desktopwindowxamlsource.md). Call this method if your application creates the **Windows.UI.Xaml.UIElement** objects before it creates the **DesktopWindowXamlSource** object that will host them, or if your program uses XAML from more than one thread. 

This method must be called before creating the **DesktopWindowXamlSource** on the thread.
```

> This method returns a [WindowsXamlManager](windowsxamlmanager.md) object that contains a reference to the UWP XAML framework. Call this method as many times as you want but generally get one instance and run it down after running down the **DesktopWindowXamlSource** instances. Note, after releasing this object a message loop must be run to finish the resource rundown, otherwise the associated resources will be leaked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method returns a [WindowsXamlManager](windowsxamlmanager.md) object that contains a reference to the UWP XAML framework for the current thread. It is safe to call this method multiple times, it will return the same instance if one is active.
You must destroy the instance after destroying the **DesktopWindowXamlSource** instances. Note, after releasing this object a message loop must be run to finish the resource rundown, otherwise the associated resources will be leaked.
```

```cpp

// Break the cycle between the WindowsXamlManager and the DesktopWindowXamlSource.
m_xamlSource.Close();
m_xamlManager = nullptr;

// Drain the message queue after releasing WindowsXamlManager since rundown is async

> while (PeekMessageW(&msg, nullptr, 0, 0, PM_REMOVE))

Reviewer 2: If we shutdown the current thread's `DispatcherQueue`, will that cause a leak as well?

> {

Reviewer: nit, does this need a TranslateMessage?

Author: I'm not sure but I suspect so.

Author: no, that is for keyboard accelerators that are not needed here.

Call this method to initialize the internal UWP XAML framework for the current thread in a desktop application in which you want to host [Windows.UI.Xaml.UIElement](../windows.ui.xaml/uielement.md) objects in a [DesktopWindowXamlSource](desktopwindowxamlsource.md). Call this method if your application creates the **Windows.UI.Xaml.UIElement** objects before it creates the **DesktopWindowXamlSource** object that will host them, or if your program uses XAML from more than one thread. 

If you create a **DesktopWindowXamlSource** object before you create the **Windows.UI.Xaml.UIElement** objects that will be hosted in it, you don’t need to call this method. In this scenario, the UWP XAML framework will be initialized for you when you instantiate the **DesktopWindowXamlSource** object.
This method must be called before creating the **DesktopWindowXamlSource** on the thread.

> This method returns a [WindowsXamlManager](windowsxamlmanager.md) object that contains a reference to the UWP XAML framework. You can create as many **WindowsXamlManager** objects as you want on a given thread. However, because each object holds a reference to the UWP XAML framework, you should **Close** (**Dispose** in .NET) the objects to ensure that XAML resources are eventually released.

Reviewer 3: Remove

```cpp

// Break the cycle between the WindowsXamlManager and the DesktopWindowXamlSource.
m_xamlSource.Close();
m_xamlManager = nullptr;

// Drain the message queue after releasing WindowsXamlManager since rundown is async

> while (PeekMessageW(&msg, nullptr, 0, 0, PM_REMOVE))

Reviewer 3: while (PeekMessageW(&msg, nullptr, 0, 0, PM_REMOVE))

{

>     ::DispatchMessageW(&msg);

Reviewer 3: ::DispatchMessageW(&msg);

> }

Reviewer 3: }
